#summary How jbullet-jme works
#labels Phase-Design,Featured

= Introduction =

The aim of jbullet-jme is to simplify the use of jbullet and adapt it to jme2. 

jbullet-jme is similar to jmephysics2 in that it completely wraps a physics engine into its own set of objects. These objects integrate into the scenegraph of jme2 and are updated by the phyiscs engine to move according to the phyiscs.

Other than jmephysics2, which aims at integrating different physics engines in one wrapper library, jbullet-jme is pretty much tailored to bullet. This allows using some of the special functions of bullet (like vehicles) but makes the wrapper more difficult to port to other physics implementations.
Still, wrapping jbullet like its done here keeps the possibility of developing a native bullet implementation of jbullet-jme in the future, supporting GPU use etc. (see Native_Version)

==Implemented Features==
 * [PhysicsNode PhysicsNodes] (RigidBodys)
 * applying forces
 * CollisionShapes
  * Box
  * Sphere
  * Capsule
  * Cylinder
  * Mesh
 * [PhysicsJoint Joints]
  * HingeJoint (incl. motors)
  * Point2PointJoint
  * SliderJoint (incl. motors)
  * ConeJoint
  * 6DofJoint (incl motors)
 * CollisionEvents
 * [PhysicsVehicleNode Vehicles]
 * [PhysicsCharacterNode Character Nodes]
 * [Multithreading GameTaskQueue] for optional multithreading

== JME integration ==
[PhysicsNode]s are normal JME nodes that are updated by the physics thread. So to have some phyiscs object in your world, you first create the jme geometry you'd like to move. Then you create a PhysicsNode with that object as a child. The PhysicsNode now contains all information about the location, rotation etc. of your physics object. The created geometry moves with it in the jme scenegraph, creating... visible physics :)

== This wiki ==
If you feel like some information is missing and you can put it together, please add a comment to the wiki page you'd like to extend containing the relevant info and it will be added to the wiki.

== JavaDoc ==
http://jbullet-jme.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/jbullet-jme/javadoc/index.html